sister sister
Sister, why are you staring at me?
I have something on my face
No way.
Are you hiding something from me?
My sister suddenly asked why this is.
What happened to you?
What is your relationship with Mr. Yang?
Mr. Yang and I
Does it matter?
Just know
He always has a way
Oh, really?
You've been with me for so long, you should know my temper
The most intolerable thing for me is for others to deceive me, understand?
Sister, come in, I'm joking with you.
You scared me to death!
You have to make it up to me.
Sure, let's go have a drink tonight
Just pretend I apologize to you.
Sister, you are the best to me.
Come on, sister, respect you.
elder sister
I really can't drink
Xiaoxin
What is your relationship with Mr. Yang?
We I'm leaving
Then tell my sister truthfully what your identity is
I am Fuji